# Introduction - *What* is Giesela anyway?

Put simply, Giesela is a musicbot for Discord. However, that term is very vague -- indeed, Giesela is a sophisticated yet elegant Discord music player system, which, along with her sister [Webiesela](https://github.com/siku2/Webiesela), forms a complete music suite. Giesela is the backend part of the project, providing the core functionality and logic. It is written in Python (3.6+) with modernity in mind, using [discord.py](https://github.com/Rapptz/discord.py) as the base API to communicate with Discord.

Giesela is fundamentally different from almost any of the other Discord musicbots that exist today. At their core, Giesela and Webiesela are designed to provide a beautiful experience for the user and giving a presence similar to music players one would use in the current day outside of Discord (think Spotify, Tidal, and the like). The goal to seamlessly bridge the divide between a standard Discord command-based system and an independent interface requires many design considerations, such as the prioritization of track metadata, immersive playlists, an advanced permission system that takes both frontend and backend into consideration, and an array of features that work under the hood to provide the user with an end result that *just works*. 

Giesela was designed with a simple question: how to make the experience of listening to music on Discord effortless, using elements that are familiar to most users today, and presenting them in a way that 'just clicks' with the everyday user. 

From a user's perspective, Giesela and Webiesela act as one unified music suite. But, Giesela is a largely sophisticated backend which holds a **lot** of cool tricks under her hood. Creating such an experience requires a new approach to many seemingly-basic concepts, thinking outside the box and asking questions at every level along the way - complete with a (necessary!) touch of crazy. The end result, put simply, is a truly unique addition to the Discord musicbot collection.
